doc: add page on continuous integration (#18721)
RIOT-OS/RIOT: doc/doxygen/src/ci.md

Continuous Integration for RIOT {#riot-ci}
===============================

[TOC]

To ensure the functionality of RIOT on its [large number of supported hardware platforms][boards]
and high quality of code, the RIOT community deploys several means of continuous integration (CI)
and testing platforms.

> - [Murdock] as the main CI system for testing pull requests (PRs) and nightly builds of the master
>   branch,
> - [RIOT HiL] provides dedicated nightly tests for our Hardware in the Loop (HiL), and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Murdock] is the main CI system for testing pull requests (PRs) and nightly builds of the master
  branch
- [RIOT HiL] provides a subset of dedicated nightly tests for our Hardware in the Loop (HiL)
```

Maybe better to have separate points without the connecting punctuation

- Several [GitHub Action Workflows] 
  - [check-pr] checks PR labels and commit messages of PRs to prevent accidental merges of PRs
    marked as unfit to merge
  - [pr-labeler] triages PRs by labeling them with fitting `Area:` and `Platform:`
    labels according to their code content.
  - [static-tests] run the `make static-tests` target on every PR and the master branch.
  - [tools-buildtest] does build tests for various helper tools provided in `dist/tools` on every
    PR, the master branch, and release tags.
  - [tools-test] tests various helper scripts and libraries provided in `dist/tools` and
    `dist/pythonlibs` on every PR, the master branch, and tags.
  - [release-tests] test our [release specifications] weekly and on every release candidate and
    release tag.
  - [test-on-iotlab] runs the script
    [`dist/tools/compile_and_test_for_board/compile_and_test_for_board.py`][compile_and_test_for_board]
    on the boards provided in the [FIT IoT-Lab] testbed.
  - [test-on-ryot] runs the script
    [`dist/tools/compile_and_test_for_board/compile_and_test_for_board.py`][compile_and_test_for_board]
    on boards connected to a self-hosted [RYOT] runner.

# Murdock

> Murdock runs `make all` for all applications in for all boards that support this application.

Author: Nope, the `in` is just a relic from when I wanted to write "in examples and tests" before realizing, that it is a bit more subdirectories nowadays ^^. Will just remove the "in"
